This NOTICE file contains certain notices of software components
included with the software that Qualcomm Technologies, Inc. ("QTI") is
required to provide you. Except where prohibited by the open source
license, the content of this file is provided solely to satisfy QTI's
attribution and notice requirement; your use of these software
components together with the QTI software ("Software") is subject to
the terms of your license from QTI. Compliance with all copyright laws
and software license agreements included in the notice section of this
file are the responsibility of the user. Except as may be granted by
separate express written agreement, this file provides no license to
any patents, trademarks, copyrights, or other intellectual property of
Qualcomm Incorporated or any of its subsidiaries.

Software provided with this notice is NOT A CONTRIBUTION to any open
source project. If alternative licensing is available for any of the
components with licenses or attributions provided below, a license
choice is made for receiving such code by QTI.

Copyright (c) 2013-2019 Qualcomm Technologies, Inc.
All rights reserved.
Confidential and Proprietary - Qualcomm Technologies, Inc.

Qualcomm is a trademark of Qualcomm Incorporated, registered in the
United States and other countries. All Qualcomm Incorporated
trademarks are used with permission. Other products and brand names
may be trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective owners.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Copyright (c) 1992-2008 The University of Tennessee.  All rights reserved.

$COPYRIGHT$

Additional copyrights may follow

$HEADER$

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met:

- Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
  notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

- Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
  notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer listed
  in this license in the documentation and/or other materials
  provided with the distribution.

- Neither the name of the copyright holders nor the names of its
  contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from
  this software without specific prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS
"AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR
A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT
OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,
DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY
THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE
OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.



